[music]
[Appreciation]
Welcome back to my channel guys guys aaj ki
The video is very interesting
because in today's video we are going to
Start building the admin dashboard from the beginning
okay guys so far we have tried this
Look inside to see the complete dashboard page
what have we taken so far
It is made with awesome side bar
ok this is complete we have put tellam cs in it
Also used Telum CSS and Material
UI's ok so far see we have this awesome
I have created a side bar in the dashboard and this
We have made a header, we have also opened and closed it
I got it done, okay, and after that, this is ours
dashboard page ok right in which we have a
section this is created and this is a little box
ok and after that this is our products
The table has arrived in which all our
The products will be displayed OK here
We can add more filters now
Its UI part is going on later
I am also developing this admin dashboard.
I will do it ok so guys see if you like this
Look, I have added two playlists.
Okay, first of all I am not aware of this e-commerce
I'm making a website, okay, inside this I
I am using this admin dashboard
ok so guy this is ours too see it become complete
front end part is done
Ok you can go and check out the previous video.
this one right in this playlist
Inside its complete front is mentioned as A
ok and in this the admin has also come
Look, first I have included this in this playlist
I made a video of the front end and then its
Now I am making a video of the admin inside
ok guys and gay i saw this admin
A separate video has also been made
In which we currently have four videos, ok so
you should check it out
all ok and after that here our
Look, I have put two variants in the table here.
I have added one of them, it is a Talon CSS table
This is the end second of our Material UI Table
Ok, what benefit do we get in this?
Here we get this page nation
The default is OK and then follow by
Our Recent Orders This is one of our orders
which product is inside it you
you can see it from here, from here, from here
that these are our products in this order
I have said bye, okay and then after this it happens
a graph
Line chart ok in which our total users
These are the ones and what will be our total sales
so this is their graph ok so guys
Look, after this I created it here.
Tha sign in page was shown in the previous video
See how good it looks and feels
Ok guys this is our sign in page
yes and here is our sign up page okay
and when you sign in you will see here
But look, loader will also work, so guys
Let's start making it from the front
friends okay so guys look if you are my
Channels are new to advanced UI techniques
So please support and subscribe
Do it because I am the best for you
I am providing content
youtube-mp3.org
If you want to see, the admin will take care of it, ok let's go
Let's start
In today's video we will make this product
The modules are completed as follows:
In this we will create a list and a form
Okay, from where the user will make this product
can you upload it ok then let's start
Let's do this
banana so ga first of all i will go here
I will create a folder inside pages
product and inside it d indus j file and
Here I am going to create a functional component.
I will do
product ok and here
but it came here
product okay and this product here
has arrived
Hey okay guys and inside this now I know
what should I do guys so here I am with my
I will open AGSS
OK and then I will route it here
I will make it ok what should I do to make route
I'll go here I'll copy this
I will take it and paste it here
I will do it okay so give me this sign here like this
This one is coming, I am not going to take it first
gonna copy it
it's ok inside which what will happen to us here
But
Product This is the URL of the product
ok and here
But our products will be
Component and now I'm here to slush
I will do the product so see here
The product page has been opened, our end
Click on the product list here
I have said that our product is coming fine
Look, here is the product list
ok so guys now i want to work here
okay let me start friends
So first of all I'm going to start with a section here
Create
I will do it and its
What should I do first here?
Look, this is our product table.
ok what should I add in it
it is here
But like this, our first card will come here.
BG White ok and after BG White we
What is the plan
Shadow Shadow MD End Rounded MD OK End
after that do a padi
pwai p f okay so we'll see here is a
The card has arrived
And after this one will come here
We will flux it in this way
item center ok end here
But there will be call one and what is ours in call one
The product end in the event is followed by
our bread crumbs okay so here's the bread
See how to add sequence
l
I Am Alai K
after product is after ok end product
Our
We can create a lift in this way
yay also remove bread crumbs from here
let's make it simple
no it came like this but and here what am I
I will do it
Styling Burst Will Wait
B
700 so it feels so good
and fat size will be 20 p
it feels so good like this
text gray 800 this one okay now here
What should I do with the right product?
the button will appear here
But I added a button, which is our button.
material ye
what is this button take it from here
we will take
Here it is
ok and inside this add
we did the product ok and
Guys what do we need to add in this
icon now i will use icon here also
Sing
ok and i open
I will react
icon and i will search plus
Icon This
one okay and inside this what am I here
text white and fat size will be
20 p x
and bt n blue
See, this button has come here and here
bt n
ass it comes here and i will do it
emal auto like this go right
Our
will remove the end call from here do it like this
we are flex items
center ok and here ml auto did
I ended it here we will
Justified but why ML auto doesn't work
Did
it should have worked
Lets check it once
so guys i can do it here right now
I justify
between so y here comes the product ok
After the end product I saw another one
I want to give you the search option here as well
okay so first of all let me put a table here
I will have to buy it, which I have already bought
Here
But I will add the Material UI one
table so I'll copy this guys and
On the dashboard
I will go, I will copy it and after that I
will you hear
ok and that's all this metal component
Is
no, I will add it all here
I will import it from here first
but select i am not defined so select me
You will have to take it and here it is
select select so I already have it here
I have added it
I have set the category filter value to not
I have added this to define it
did it here
But also import the OK and Use states.
I will take
I use
state and a function here is this call also
have to do
I have to type ok and here I have this function
copy it
taken and check box is not
Define so the check box that is coming here
naa this also needs to be imported to a end link
also need to import
I have checked the check box which is not defined now.
The box did not save it well
is level i not
define a level this
ok and what are you saying after this
is column i not
Define columns: These are the columns
and progress isn't
define
progress progress this is it ok
and I will import
what are you saying now
Is
Edit here's an icon and this is the icon
All three
Page Notch on Row
define this is the
Function OK and row on page not defined
It is on the Roe
page this
I have already created a dashboard in the state
I am copy pasting the same thing ok end
guys its here
here is the page
Page end added this here as well
I have not changed the handle page
define and now let's check
so look this is complete our table add
The product has been listed here
ok so here I have to remove the top one
have to give
This one has to be removed, ok remove it
I let it stay here only one
right, or else we will do this
will cut it
what will I do and paste it
Let's see how you feel right now
Our
see it is coming here
so what can we do for it
are such
will do end here
it had to be like this
I will do it ok and do it
will do zero tax
We will give it to you so see, this is how it looks to us
so what can we do about it here
will do some m2mth
Look, this way we are feeling good
it feels ok, here i want to go
Provide search option too
It is here, after this give the search option here
can we see that our table is
It is just about to be made, what is the big deal in it?
our search remains ours okay search
remains and what is this ya so this one
the option is ok
Let us create a search option which is
where is our
Look, this is our export and this
there is a button with
No, this one, let's cut it and add this one.
we will do it here
But okay so guys look this is ours here
has arrived
is the end gap
TH here it's getting a little bit of space
see right
say okay and what can we do here
justify content
B
and ok fine
So see, in this way I came here and now
Here inside our right, to its right
The search bar can go here, okay
So what do we need to do to add a search bar?
to do
would be to have a custom search box called
I then went to the component and
I will create the component Search
box ok and enter exe inside it
and inside
it search
Box Export
default search box ok and inside it
Where should I use it first
is the product
After this in
And here will be our emulsion
Otto ok and here is our search
box you will see our search here
The box has arrived ok and i am here now
create a search box
havid full height 50 p a
ok and height 50
p border one border and border color will
be ok and its done and
bg this
The end looks like this here
If the height is 50 cm then the result will be like this
ok this is too much let's make it 40
here it comes like this and its
Inside
and here i paste it
okay so I did it here
diya p acus where did p a 5 so i
I am refreshing, why is it not coming
here at
I have done a good job
But okay, look here the search box comes like this
our end will come
we do this inside because in this
Our icon will also appear and input will also appear.
But first, we enter the input here.
Input
Type
text ok input type text has arrived
But what do we do in this
will do butful
height will be 40px and guys from here
na do it on auto
yes ok height i have set it on auto
diya and what should I do inside it
will be ok
[music]
ok its here and now let's see how it looks
it is happening here look it is happening here
No
and add the algebraic one
are ok
and pang to do and focus on outline
nun do ok and here
Focus on this, this is our border
No, our border should come here
end focus in input inside it
pay focus when we focus on this input
okay so what is here
hoga border color will
B 0 Pot
[music]
While checking once I saw a border here
This type is coming from and rounded here
asm round md do and f size will
B 14 P
x or 12 p
one is ok let's do this
and here's what we do
border text is not in primary
It will come, this is right, okay, and now we want it
icon
so i searched here and here it is
See the search is coming in the beginning
Yes, right? So I copied this icon.
taken and here
But here we will import it first and
the icon will appear here
Such and such class
Name
Absolute top to n p to one left
10 P a x Index Will
B
50 OK and you will see the search bar
ours is here
Is
end here
But we will change the pointer event none okay with this
What will happen, look here, click force will happen
Our complete okay and what do we have here
I have to do it from left
See, here our end came like this
Take it 30 from the top
We will do it and add a place here
Holder Search Share We have added this
Ok, look here is the place holder too
has been a good way
from and here
Do not add overflow to
okay look at our search bar
The search box is ready and this is ours
The icon is
No
opacity 30 will do yes what will we do after 30
will do 50
watch this, its perfectly working on this
I did some end search.
And guys what should we do after this
Here
But end and end, the search was also created here
Ours is fine and this is what our product is
List
here is the table
Sale here
it is better to say no to these and copy paste them
will take
y ok so ga we will see a complete here
How well it is built here
ok look at our
The product listing page is about to be completed
remained
ok so ours is complete
Product listing page end and
what remains
For now, friends, this is so much inside it
just fine
okay that's it for now it seems fine
its been
inside ok
And now let's add inside this
How to add a product, see the guide here
There are different options for adding products.
look here's a form okay right a form
So here is our form, here is our
List and add on to its product
product so guys see its this type
it's ok right so what will we do guys
Do not create a separate page or a panel
We will make it, so what does that mean to us?
There will be a panel, let me show you a little
Material y
went to the i component
How well will I become
Our table tool will be in the top alert dialog
What
So here is our
There will be a full screen dialogue
Look, we will make it in this way here.
isn't it so good it looks so look ok
First we did not
We created this, I am here
I will come
So I'll copy everything, this and this
If this will be there inside our product then I
what should I do here guys
look ok so here I am
don't create a separate page
I will take
No, so we have to deal with the same component again and again
It will be good if you work Nana
Let's do it like this, so first of all I
what does he need to do here
Import
ok i imported it here
There is only one way to add a product or not.
If it happens then there will be a problem
I should create a separate page for this
If we have to do it then we will do it here
Product OK
Okay so guys here I posted the link
Let's check here what has been added
This product once uploaded in the product
uploaded in
there is no one its okay and here
Create a functional component
will add
product ok so i did it
And after this I will open its AGS
There is an end game inside here I
copied this and
See this is actually a separate sif panel
yes ok and there will be no side bar in it
so what am I
I will open this one
I'll do it, I'll copy this one and it's here
in which there is no side bar our end is here
In Product
When the upload is uploaded to the product, click here
But D
Product
ok so guys i don't know one page
I made
but its route is not defined here
is it ok to do this, i cannot find you here
so what do i need to do here
I have seen this component of Guys Ad Product
I have created it here now I will go
Our
Pages with index product lists
But okay so this page of the product list
yes it is our guys so where will it be
Our
Look, let me show you something now
what error did you give
The product is not
Define Dashboard
ok nice now look what's happening here
This is the list inside the product, from here
One of our panels should open soon
OK a panel should open which says
inside all of our its clicks its clicks
But this model of ours should be open, this
waala okay so guys look what we are going for
are going to do it here
But first of all I will open the side bar
I will do it from here first I will do it right now
I will open the side bar later.
The product list ended like this
why is there no list page here
The remaining product
will come here
Product
ok so sing see it is coming now as i
I will produce a panel here
We should come in it, our complete one
There will be a form in which we can add the product
will do it okay so guys where is this page
We will make this inside the adj
the page is ok so please see me first
What to do here is create a state
I have to state this
open e
open this new full screen panel ok and click here
But its state
We will make a just set
t set e open ok by default
Our False will be
We will make this model, okay, a common model
We will make something that will be useful to everyone
ok we passed both of these here
gave ok
yes, I have passed both of them here
Now let's see what I have to do with this
here at
hey here it is written our d product ok
Here first I need to use context
so you have to take it so that you can use the context
I go here
Is
context use context which is context
I had cut it, I have to use it, ok and
What do I need to do here? I want to download the product
On click of this
What should I do when I click on it
ga contact dot y state has been created
no need to do this
to what will happen to it as I have written on this
I clicked and the status became true and this
our model will open ok so guys this
Ours will be made of AGS
I copied everything inside
ok and I copied everything and
I came to AGS
Click OK and this is the close icon here.
no this close icon of mine actually we have
Not using Material UI icons
if yes then it will throw error so I am here
Close such use
I will close it like this and use it
Wala Close
ok this one got it
and what should i do after this
use transitions
yes tra has come ok and this is our reaction
Imported
I have not imported react
React must be imported React
From React
ok and guys its
what did you do to me after
This open set is open isn't it, well this
ours true false let's go this is right ours is okay
no what should I do now
I have to copy this dialogue
And where is this dialogue of ours?
It will be
inside ok and what will happen inside this
but there is a close icon first of all I
Add this close here
But press the close icon on it
ok and this one which is open is open for us
what will happen is this
Ok, let's check if there is any error
Is
Our yes guys have an error here
handle close i not
So define a handle close name
need to create a function
ok so handle close will be a function that has
Ours will be close, I will first
I do it like this and here
Handles on the
close full screen
Panel
ok well here's what i'll do
Replacing the handle closer
not this state
I will update it here
no i made it false ok and i will do this also
handle close handle click
But end close the handle here as well.
I'll give you and close the handle, here's another one
handle close ok end now let's check here
but still got error
this button is not defined so guys we need this button
will have to be defined
first button it
I stayed here
But ok so guy look here it is like this
Now as soon as I set this state to true
I do it so you
You will see here Boom guys see this is our
The panel has also opened, okay, and from here
you can also close it ok it's open
It is closed now what should I do here
yes, click on it and see it has arrived, ok
Look, I'm clicking on this here.
One model of our product is here
But okay, let me also tell you this here
okay here I have to use state one by one
thing to be done
Open False End and End at 1:00
Model In this model we will add this model
What could this be of ours
of the product may be ok this is ours and
I mean like many of ours will be made here
We will work on the base of this model here.
But as we made it an open false model
I will tell you here that this model
This is the model of our product category
Is
ok so what should I do here
is add
Product is available in the open only
End Model
Products in
model ok this is what we have done in this type
did ok and here
But this handle that is coming close here
What did we do in this by false in open
diya ok this is all we have to do here end
I copy this
I will do this one
I hope you guys are understanding guys so
I falsely accused this too
I will check it once now
ok and what about us here
will come open
dot in
open
ok so ga look here this is proper work also
he is doing it okay now look at us
It has become a common model, now we don't know how to use it
will use it again and again and will know this
We will guess whether this will be our product or not
Will it be of this category or will it be some other model
Okay, so here's our model inside of this.
Came
ok so here it is
But this is our first time
which is written in it our start is
where is the sound coming from
Here is the sound, okay and what about us here?
written
[music]
it will come, it will be written here
our dot model and see here our
The product will come written ok see
product so what did I do here
ok so i took one
Look at this minute, this is our
Our product will also be for advertising
If it is for that also then what should I do here?
Take
Look, I want to add a name here.
Product ok add me name by this type
Have to take it here
but and here comes that name
will go to see the guide product name here
Come
it went fine
yes and after this what is he saying yes
And what is this phone coming next?
ringtone this etc is coming ok na end
This save button is actually ours
Know what to do here
But here
Tool bar on
Yey our blue is coming out by doing this
Color Inheritance
we change its color to something different from blue
do something not
This background color is coming here
no then what am I here
I will do this
Primary or primary must be coming from above
Our
ok so i will open my sis
I will do it from here
I added this background and a little more
It's darker and more important
ok so gaya look it is coming here from this type
But now we will make it black.
I will give it here
But what we need to do here is edge start
Where will this SVG here come from?
This icon which is coming has class in it
name text
Black dekhiye text or text black
also here text a this one is coming
We do
okay so what should I do here
Its icon has turned black so our end
This ad product that is coming, where is it from
ours is coming here so I am going to
what will I do, I will add it in the span here
first then
clasts in it
name text
gray text gray these
wala so guy see ad product come here
And this is our save button.
This is our save button, we will use it
REMOVE
ok so look how nicely it looks here
But this added our end inside it
Our content will be complete so guy watch this
If we include our list in it
If I add content here then
Our content will appear, okay, now here.
But what should I do
look at me what should I do
there will be conditions here
our d product i.e. here I have
I'll show you what I did
When I was clicking here I
setting the product in the model is ok
So this means guys this is our no
The product person should come so we are here
do
Add product here OK
Add
close ok and add this product
I need to import it here first so
Let me remove all this
will have to end here
copy this to
Will this be our ad product? ok and
here at
add product to slush product ok and
I'm going to remove the button from here now.
am add
product so guys here i am refreshing
I will do one
As soon as I click here
Look here, the ad product has arrived here
This page is fine, so we have set it as default.
Component has been created ok end here
But what will I do now to create a section
I am going to end it and what will happen to us
BG White is ours on this Pandit
I will do it and we will have a form here
All our feeds are going to come inside the fam
It is going to bring all our fees inside it
So let's see what type of firm we will have
This type of firm will be ours, so the firm
We are simple
will keep
And we'll keep it simple
So let's start here we add
Let's create a product here and here
will go in which create product is written by us
It will be here create product ok simple
We start with no input
ok remove it
yes and see the input also here we are simple
are gonna take inputs okay in which
Our Metal UI will also have drop downs
And there will be a lot more inside it, right?
what am i doing here class
Name
Flex
ok and here's what I'm going to do
Grid Grid
I will call you five ok and deep
class call ok and here I called
After the end call I'll be here inside it
I want to add an input field. Click OK.
end here
But
Call and what will come to me inside it
I'll open this one just once
Admin ours will come same to same I
logs in from wrong
hmm so see our admin is also very good
well made
Is
and so here
but so here I am
I will go to the product and upload the product so
Guy look here all the information is correct
Isn't it same to me, I will add it like
that our product will come first
name so here h3
I have the product name and inside it
Our input will come
type text will be
This will be OK and the input type will be text
I copied this full name here.
end here input here add text here
Now look, let us check it here
Product name is here and input it here
ours has arrived ok now i
I'm going to fix this so I'm here
What
I will name the product like this, ok
And this is their input, in their input
what is class going to do
name will be full ok and height will be 40
Fifth note of musical scale
eks ok and border and border color will
B
0.1 so ga see our input box is this much
After coming so far I am here
I will do
focus outline none ok focus on outline none
It's done and we have to focus on it.
I want to change the border color
Just turn it to four and it will be here
Our Rounded
MD ok this is done and here in place of 40
35 35 after that there is a little bit here
Paddy is ok and we will do the same here
This is ok friends and here will be the fat size
its font
Text
ssm ok friends so look here this is our
The input has been created and the product name
Isn't there a little add-on to this as well?
will fat size will be 14 p and fat weight
will be
500 and add a little margin at the bottom
will make a forest
ok so guys look like this here it
It has arrived and how is it coming here
Look at the bigger one here it's actually ours
the product name is ok right so we will call it
do
40 and here we'll call it a to one
So this is the name it is big and second
Our description
So what do I have to do first?
Tax
We will give it because it is ours to come inside it
Product name has to be anna end product name
Ours can be bigger too ok and guys
After this we have to come here
is the description ok then here
Another call me for description here
but it needs to be cut
first add form class here
diya came here like this and this
I wrapped it down and then I copied it
I will do it and mb3
At the end of this, its name here will be di
Product
Description ok and this will be ours
Text
area this text area has ended
its 100 p one will be its height so guy
Look, this is our text box.
Our input is done or the text is ready
ok so from here user can see its description
If you add it also then its here
Description 140 karate
yes it is ok and the description is also done
Here we have Ga and after that comes our Ya
but category all category
Price category sub category price by like this
comes so I'll copy it here and
Here I want to add four columns and this
will be ours
Input OK and it will appear green
Product Categories
So take a look at the product categories here
Type it here and it will be like this
Our
4 ok 40 right 40
OK here comes the green product category A
which is ours
There will be a select box with this in it
ok so look in this select box we are here
I'll go here and add it
Select
Here is the selection
ours okay let's use this one so I
I expanded its code and wrote this
I will copy it all here first and
here at
You have to import paste here first
ok I imported it and its
later here
But what should I do
is the product category and set product
We will categorize the end use states also like this
need to import react
from here we will copy it and like this
We will import it, ok and after that come here
set prod category handle to
change product category as follows
I'll keep it here
will come y y as j is written on y na
We will leave this here, copy the selection
We will do end, where do we have to add it here
after this
I'm okay and copy it here
will do and inside this j
Paste the category here
ok and y handle change which is handle change
I have this function
will go and check this out now
so look here it is coming like this
ok and what do we need to do here
But in this we will add product
category drop down ok and class name will
be with
Full so guys see it is coming from this type only
And we will size it
Small size here
It will come ok and you will see our size also
Ours has become small, ok so see how many
Well, we have added this here as well
taken here in category we are here
You will select the category, click OK and here
Our
will come as ours
Fashion OK
End
Beauty is ok and fashion is done, beauty is done
Wellness is okay, these are our three categories
And first in our
will go tap
and there is nun
ok and here
Black so ga look here come this way
nothing is happening in the nun and here
But fashion, beauty and wellness, everything is coming
okay here so see this is also our bun
The end of the product category is then
We have to copy it same to same and here
It has to come under all categories
product sub category ok and here I am
what to do
hey gap will be four ok see gap will
Four y par gap four our end is here
what do we do inside
copy this
did set
Product Sub Category Just Submit on Here
I will give you this copy ok
Did
product sub category and copied it and
this will come here ok and what here
do
We have done everything here and you can do everything from here
diya ok and it will come here
Man
Women
kids okay three its done here okay
here the form is almost going to be ours
now after this there is price option so ga
option of price
I'm a direct copyist
hmm okay and there's a column
gone to this column
Later our product will be in it
Price is ok and this will be ours
number ok and let's see how it is coming
But an arrow is coming, we have to remove it
So what am I doing here?
I will remove
arrow from this
it is here
this is our class name
OK so I will add this class name here
And let's check if it got removed
No, let's check if it has not been removed
The bar did not get removed at all
so ga simple you know what we do
yes sis is there so I am here
But
CSS I'm going to open this one here
But we get a little bit of success, this is it
I copied it and this is our sister in it
I will paste it and delete it here.
I will give it and now I will check that it has been removed
ok the end product price has arrived
In which we can add only price
I closed this number and its
The price is old so I copied it
what and here
product old price ok how is it here
The product is back at old price
Hey okay guys and here I am for a little while
what are you gonna do
yes I will do it as if our little
Sa Na Border To To
You will see it here
diya here it is two and add two in this also
Is
They added me two in this, now look a little
Our form is becoming visible
no and guys we can do one more thing
Here
But
BG please show me this ad
End
Algebra doesn't seem right so what should I do?
This is the BG
This is our input which is coming in these
Just see how it feels
No, it is correct in the first default
We will keep it ok because this is ours as well
Let's see whether the product name will come or not
The description will come, okay and this is a little
this text is coming
No Product Name will be text here
B Ye
gonna blacken the text here
yes it is ok text black looks correct
Is
it comes here like this
I went here and added the category also and
add it here too
I took it, okay and I added it here as well
I will add the place first
I will sleep now let's look at this a little more
It's also good, ours has arrived, is it okay here?
But the old price will come down below this
Our featured product stock is fine
so what I'm gonna do here is
copied it closed it
And what is going to happen to us here?
This is our future, this true fall will remain ours
okay and what are we going to do with this
The product is
Future
is this future ok question
Mark will be here
Our u
Two
False and it will just be true false
our end here handle change
Product Future
Okay and this is me product future here
Tax
ok and what else should I do
I need to copy this
is the product
future ok and this future
I want to add it here, copy it
You have to paste it and add this here
Product future is here
will
ok let's check it here now
We are so happy to see the future too, true lies
It's here okay and this is done
What add me after our end future
have to do product
What will I do inside the stock end
Input needed here
I have this input our copy it
what and after this i want
me and its name what will be ours
Product stock this is our number ok
How have we stocked the product
Product stock has also arrived here ok
Baad hai our brand Discount R So Guys
Brand it here
But this will be ours
Text Product
brand ok and brand is here ok
is and then is
Our Discount
Discount ok discount will be ours
Our number has come even after the number discount
okay okay this is also ours and then
what next
We also got a discount and that's it
Baad Hams Weight
size so let's start with this
quickly
so I'll do it here
Close OK and I will copy this and
gonna paste it here
So ours is going to be the first one here
Per Product
Rums are fine inside the product rums
yay rums do it
did rum here too
I ended it and what happens here
Our 2G B starts with 4G and becomes 4GB
8G
do it with b4c
Sajeeb 8 ji ok yes three I have done it
But here it is for now
so here
copied to
4gb ok and copied
6gb and add it here too
okay and then I have to go here it
The state has to copy this for rums
have to make
The product is just a
minute end this product rums ok
so I copy
I will do it, ours will come here
Rums and there will be Rums after this too
our end copy it
We will do the product
Rams okay and then we'll copy this here
But it will come here, okay and now we will see
we here
But where did this product go?
look rums is here too okay
And then there is the product after the terms
Product weight so we are same to same weight
would have done it like that
Are
wait product wait okay and here also one
Our product weight will be state
Key Products
wait end here too
wait ok and here
Products in seconds
Wait a product here
Weight Addle Change Product
wait end what will happen to us here non end
here 2
KG 4
KG 5 KG OK
The nun will remain black and let's check this out
This one is also ours so see it for wait too
Wait came here and then it went away
Our product size
ok then we will keep the product size like this
Lets do it here
Per Product
Product size appears instead of size ok and wait
will go andu same what do we need to do here
Is
Its size will come here and here
Size and Hum Down
will go copy this
Complete End Product Here
size and we will remove it and here
Size will replace product weight
and here also the size
will come and what will be the size here
Our
Small
medium large okay and here
small medium end here
large okay it's here let's check it out
Our product size is also available here
You can also see our product size here
But it came, okay, and after this, what was left for us
of ratings
So see what we do for ratings
Here is the rating option in Mattel UI
This is what you get after going to the component
so guys look at me I'm getting this one
I want one and then I'm here
I will go and import the ratings first.
I will do it here
But after clicking OK and importing, you will see
I am from form control or extra funds which
are coming
no what did I give this rating
I will copy
I will do it and this is the last product
I will paste the rating here, ok and
The default value is
doing
four or else i will do this okay end
We will check our rating also add here
come here
It will go okay friends and I added it
Look, our guys rating is also here
hey ok it looks so good
Look, okay, and our ratings are also good.
has gone here and after this our life remains
Is
location and ga look at our template which we
Are you making any location in this?
there is no option okay so here we
You do not want to add location and after that
Our media option is fine and see
We are a separate component for the media
If you want to create this then go here
Afterwards, look here a little like this
It is coming so I will make it a little better
to do
what am I here for
I will do it
8 so guy look I read a little 8
When we did it, it turned out a little better.
no this looks good to me ok
Friends, this has come to us, so what do I care
will have to do it from Ding Wai to zero
Paidiya and from here it's done, we are fine
and here is what I should do next
but a
To all
I have made a separate one here like the one below
Is the media card made like this?
you could have done it right so go here
what do I do after
First of all what should I do here
I will do
BG Grey
50 I did BG Grey see BG Grey
I came to our
Which is
[music]
ours is a little
bit right
so if I put the background here as well
I will have to add it here
But this type
is from
no then let's get started
So I will copy its class.
first here it is i copied it end add
I added it in the CSS
This is what I did here
See here I have made the background grey.
is it ok to do it this way and inside
I made it white, okay so this
Ours looks quite good
OK and give us more options here
here's what i'm going to do now
so here its
after
call wi will be full and here ding
fi and h3 and here media end
Publish here Media &
Images ok and here how is it
it's happening now let's see let's see guys here
But it came this way
ok and
Paddington
what will I add fat will it be 700 and more
Size will be 22 P
one end this 22 is too much we will do 18
see its so guy like this here it is
Media and images option is also available here
I have added it here now whatever we
You will add images like this here
Create a section by doing this type of section
We will take ok and after this we will click a button
okay so let's start it
Let's create a component first
will do it here
Uploads
box and its
Ix inside
Does that end our functionality will be here
Component upload box OK
end export default upload
box here being our upload box
it is going to happen so where do I add it to it
Have to do it here
ok now see what i have to do
D Class
Name
grid grade call sis okay because once
There will be six images in it, by the way
The user can
no and here image box
I imported the upload box into
So guy look here you come like this
I went ok and then clicked on the upload box here
What I'm going to do here is inside deep class
name upload box ok
And Pat Will Be
Three Rounded
md ramdi and overflow hidden end
Border Dash and Border Color will
B
0.2 end here we check here
hasn't arrived yet
ok and here's what I need to do
Height Will
B 300 P
sing a song, look here it is the end
I will check here once
b see here it comes
No Border
Dust border dash one or border with
have to tell
There is no border here
Here I made the border like this
Watch Border Dust and Guys here
The border has arrived, ok and what should I do with it
I will do it here
But I made it three and
I will do this to
100 ok i will type this to make it 200
200 is too much
150 end
we will be 150 p
One
ok 170 will be ok and a little bit after that
what do i need to do here ab2
at katya it came here and here I am
what needs to be done
BG BG Tax
I will do 200 100, seed it and see it with 100
This way we are typing ok and cursor is here
BG on hover over pointer and hover
Gray
200 coming from this type it looks fine
there is pretty much no issue with this and here
This thing should also be written inside it
no what do we have to do here
Flex
Item Center
and justify content center ok and padi to
here it is aha okay and inside it
I want to write an image
Upload image in A4 format
Upload and see how it will look here, see the image
Upload it is coming inside this end here
we have to do class
name fat size will be 14 p ax then how much is it
It is coming out so well it feels quite good
It looks like here I am clicking on the react icon
I will go and search for the image, the image will end
We will do any ad, we will do this add
I'll take it, okay, this one, so here how did I do it
I have done it here in this way
If it is done then I am also using this one now
I'll take it and I used it here
end here
at its
It came up like this: ok and its fat size
have to increase
me taxes will be 30 p a and opacity will
B
35 so guys see this is how the end is coming
Let's make it 50 here, okay and here
We will have flex columns one below the other
will come
and look it is coming from this type only so this
50 is too much, we will do 40 for this
Now look at this beautiful bun of ours
it's done, okay, right? In this, we need input.
also need input file then first of all here
what do i have to do relative to this and
For this our input file will be na v po ex
His input will be
Type text OK and enter multiple fonts here
I will do it end class
see the name multiple option we call through
will do this okay and your name will
B Absolute top to zero left to zero end
Will
be wee full and height will be full ok a y par
How will the input come, is there any problem like this
no its inside and it is not selected
The index was good on A-Y
Look, our selection is not happening yet
ok so here i have done absolute top vi
I have made it full height, let's see full
what is the issue
hi good text is done here file is
to do
ok input type file guys see here
this input type file has arrived ok where
Also click on this and become our selected
I will go and see and this is what it is
what do we do here
Is
Pointer events don't have to be added either
what will happen with this our guys we are here
But look, wherever you click I will
let me refresh this one time
See guys wherever I go there's this
By doing this it will be added, okay, very good now
what do i do here
Its opacity needs to be made zero, just remove the positivity
Now see how well it looks here
Our input file is ready, ok and friends
Before that, what do we need to add to it?
I'll show you a list
it's okay I went to this so watch it
You have to create an option like this
I need to remove the image which will contain the
we will also have an icon, right, so
how shall we do it first let me see this
If you want to add multiple then I am here
But if I set this to true multiple
no end here
I will get the props, okay and this is what
Is
multiple ropes dot multiple ok
So what will happen with this, this multiple bun of ours
So guys I will show you here
I will refresh it for you
I had done multiple to there times
If we do multiple two here then from here
User can select multiple images
look okay got it and after this if I
If I give false here then what will happen here
it will be here
Went
Look, this has become our single, okay?
what am I here
I will also create a condition here
I want to take it if the user has multiple
I was not given any option here so what should I do
Karoo Pro Dot
Multiple Not Equal
to undefined if it is not undefined
Is
So props dot multiple will come otherwise
will fall
ok ga and i will give it a try here
I will try removing it from multiple Y's
If multiple is not given here then this is single
Go
should be ok going single and i am on y if
I will do multiple t
nor we become multiple here
If you want you can see that multiple has been created and here
If I made this false then multiple
Even if he sends a false message then it is still a single
There should not be multiple
I want very good guys ok so this is our work
It's done absolutely perfectly
hey and guys after this what do I need here
You have to create such boxes
okay so what do I do here
Friends I have copied the whole thing from this upload box
what and here
What I'll do is paste an image here.
I will take such an end from which I can see
I will delete all this ok and here
see the box will come like this and here it
how are you coming
come inside it ok its
come inside this and it will be here
our gap gap will be
look at the four, there is a gap coming in it
the gap will be gone
one gap will be
Forest Upload
I saw the box and it was telling me it was six
what do you need to do here sen
is it ok now its correct
Ok and here is what I should do
will have to do it with will
B
100% 100% this much is coming and here also
what do i have to do with it to get 100
gone vid this
remained at 100
ok and go here now what do I do
there will be a gap
Too friends, we are feeling quite good
Now I want to use an image inside this here.
ok so what do I do here
I bring the image of any product
first I'm going to go back here and
See this is our image so I like this
I copy it and our image will appear
Its
okay inside friends and look here
I also like to use a lag load image component.
we have to do it like ours here you will see me
When I come across any product here
Look, here the ledge comes loaded.
Lazy is coming loaded, I will come here
Look, it is coming loaded like this to me
What to do here is lazy load images
Components
What should I do to react to this here?
I will install it so this is what happens to us ok
so what i will do first is install it
I will do my own components
I will install it
It was ok at first nor after installing it
I will give you the link on how to use it
I will add it to the description ok and
Look, I'll show you a demo
I am so guy see this
ours will arrive soon
Ours has been opened, we are going to do it again
Let's open N Run ok
have seen it here
But this is their demo so what should I say here?
I will do it, it is a nun even if I blur it
Diya look at this, the ball is coming, the ball is coming
We have to use this so here I have
what to do
First of all I need to import this add on here
to do
I have imported the port here
and guys i copied this
Full here
if its ok then where should i use it
To this its
It is fine inside and its height and width we
I will remove it as soon as I show you
I have already used lazy load
So here ours will go to Alt
Image and width height just removed from here
will do ok and here
But what will come in the image here
this one of ours this one
Image Image This image has appeared in SRC
ok and close it here
Diya, is it ok, now let us check it once
how are you getting here
hey you can see here the leg load comes like this
Used to be
no we first check it is coming here
How is our image coming out, it is showing
isn't it
But why is it taking so much time
I put it here
why did it take so much time
it said ok let me open it again run
Dave, we'll check it after it starts
Are
So see, if you see this complete playlist
Lee na, you will get to learn a lot
Going to do
ok so here we go
let me just run it again
yes it needs to run once it starts
give me ok
Here I come and I'll go to the product section here.
Product List Given Below
look ma'am the product has arrived ok this is
But Pang zeroes in on what I'll do.
I will do it, type ok and come here
But what should I do
is with
Full Height Full End Object
Cover OK, this is how our image comes.
And ga here we see one of ours and also of Balar
There is an option here, effect blur if
we are going to use an effect blur so here I
But you will have to use this CSS also
I used these here and just one
I'll pass you the props I'll pass you the props
here effect blur ok and here
But I will add this as well
I am here and here the effect blur
ok so we guys check it once
You will see how beautiful this type looks
it's ok and what should I do next
it's here friends
Let me have a little bit here
Doing a Gap Three
There's three gaps will be
Four
ok so guy our gap looks so perfect
Is
No and this is our heading, let's do A3
it seems right now after this
what do I need to do is this icon here
Naa circle close do you need to add that?
Look here, where am I ad
I will do it here
I'm going to add this here inside this
Ok
Please see span, there is an issue here
Went
is the upload box if I put overflow hidden on y
If I do it then our icon will be completely hidden.
so it's ok here
so what do i do on this is a class name
and add
I will do it, okay, and its name will be ours.
Upload Box
The wrapper is fine, I don't know why it is taking so much time
I will write the name like this and upload it
box wrapper okay and i will wrap it
Their
why is it giving this error inside
hey wav class
If the name is okay then I will cut it
Here
at its
After this it is scanning I don't know what
scanning the item
these guys i will give it a little once
I will close it and open it again ok
cd admin and npm run
Dave ok i ran it
Look, our end is open now
then what do i do here
A here it is and I will close it
I will add it here, its name will be
Upload Box
Rup end here relative class ok end
Here we will check friends that here
how are you coming
A I go here and upload the product
In just a minute I will get the product list and
Look here, walk on it this way
It's going absolutely perfect and
now i want to spin it here
close sign ok end here
but I will check it out
it was close
Icon ok so close icon here I will add
does
I am here
But at the end I will add a class to it
Absolute width will be 25 p a height will be
25 p one
[music]
End Round
Full OK and Rounded Full Ho
gaya also overflowed
Hidden Overflow
Hidden OK End
BG BG RED MEANS
what is the end in this
hoga tex white and fat size will be
20 P
An ok and here what do we do now
will have to
from absolute top
From zero right to zero absolute zero I already
done here
and here is the flux item
Center Justify Content Center such as
what did i do it make a circle
will go ok after a circle is formed click on it here
Like a circle is formed here icon
There is a center in the middle of it as well, okay?
What would we do to make a center for that?
are a display flex align item center
Justify Content Center ok guy and let's go
Now let's see how it goes
yes but why did you come here
No, okay, so I think the z index here is 50.
have to do it look here it comes
and here on top
we will subtract 20 from it like this and
One top 20 is too much or 10
We will do and from the right we will also do minus right
not even from
p very good okay and a little bit of this here
25 year old wakes up
20 taxes
denge a fat size hai
its made 7 dekh diya perfectly made end
From the right top we will do this f minus and right
se f minus s perfectly came on y and
Now what do we have to do inside this
the pointer is here
ok and this is our this is separate
you can see our icon close icon
exactly here
an arrow has also come okay so here I am
What
I will copy this
I did it and pasted all this
You will see how beautiful it is here
The effect has come okay guys so this
See our complete form and product
's form is complete and after this our
There's going to be a submit button here, which
ours is going to be here at the bottom okay
And type its type will be our submit ok
And after submitting it will have our
Publish End
View ok and we will add its class
BT N Blue & BT
LG will now check it here we will wait for a minute
Well, we need to import the button first.
Mattel UI
so look here this button also came and
It has been refreshed here, this is just now
for this we will use this button
right here this button is coming like this
Is
ok so see don't call me inside this
add
where is the form
inside which is our y form
na max height
Max Sight Will
B 500 P End
overflow overflow valve
call ok now let's check it once
Inside this our this form is being created
OK
hey so ga look what one thing we do
removed this
And here's what I need to do inside it
I want to add one
school is ok and here is the class
hoga and this is what we did
did I close it before the form
will close the form before
We have now
okay look what do we do now
The button which is ours
After this, now see here we always have the button
will keep on watching
ok look and this is what
Our main height is coming
naich
8 is too much
7 see, it came perfect within 70 na
and what do I do here
is 75
We have done this much and this is our result
Used to be
No button and create HR here.
Let's take it and check it once
B after Ding
r so guys you can see one here
The line is also coming in a proper manner
ok and I will do this the width will be full
ok so here is mine
See the button is coming from this type publish end
View so beautiful this button is of ours
it's happening here we do one thing
But remove this button from here.
hey ok aye see the fam is coming inside this
Ours is 72
Place 0
did ok then see the perfect way here
I'm coming from here and I'm here
Where would I go? No, the scroll button is right here
But we have to stay here, this is fine, okay guys
So look what we have here
We even created this entire form
Ok
ahe come here
I went and what should I do?
this is gonna be 72 right ding right four like this
I am stuck to the sling, see now it is right
no very nice ok a here is one of the uploads
The button must also be an icon
not here
what i would do is button down
paste this icon on this button
will do and class name will
b 25 p a
end takes
White you will see that the icon has also appeared here
Here's what I would do Flex Gap Will
B four g v two karna
Me and guys look how beautiful it is here
But our button has also arrived, so guys
Our complete form is also ready.
So how good our end looks
We made it completely custom, see the end
There is a lot to learn from this too
ga humko and chalne hai and this is our completion
It's over guys and see what we have so far
its happening click on ok and here
But we have to click on it also
okay so how do we click on it
so i am going to copy this here
I will do it and this side bar of mine will be done
I will open it and here
but what is written here
is the product
Here is the upload, ok and click on the link from here
REMOVE
I will do it and inside this I will add my
one on
click contact dot inside it
The truth will come in the open
Our ad will come in the end model
If the product is ok then why is it giving this error
error should not be given
call this just a
minute this is not an error now
did it like this did it like this in the open
In the end model, the
check the product now
ok and here
but see complete me copy paste this
to do
hey i don't know why it takes so much time
Don't know
I don't know what the issue is
it is not refreshing
[music]
what remained was seen here it has already arrived and i
Hope we used contact here also
it happened ok
it is so ga finally we check the product
I am not on upload
came here he is coming
good product has not been uploaded yet
Where did that side bar go, here is the side
Times
ok so let me copy this
yes and you have to paste it here see
it hasn't happened here yet
But I don't know what is this loading issue
I dont know why it happens
I'll have to write it myself by hand
This is absolutely correct
I don't know why it is giving this error
I will check it properly once again now
[music]
context dot will come here
but so ga look here it comes okay its
This model is opening by clicking here
okay friends the end and where is it happening
Add your product to our dashboard
ad product will go, okay ad product
there's a button here so what do I do
I will copy it completely and I will
Closed and opened your dashboard
but in this component it gives this error
it is happening
see this later
This is the end of ad products
I pasted this
ok and this is too much i don't know
why are you taking it like this
just a
minute now come here and here I
If I have to use the contact also then I
contest used here
I did not use contact here
okay so let me go here first
we will use the contact
Use this to do the contest above
first we will do it only after that ok
Who
Contact Use
context ok and our my will come in it
contact use contact me first
I want to import and this mike contact
It is written that I should import this also
hai let's import this and use it now
Our context has already come to an end
Here its
Baad My Contact
OK inside From App
So guys our contact is also here
and now i run this
since nim run day i started this project
again what is he saying
is cd admin n pm run
Dave okay guys wherever our
There is a button of the product, on its click we
Here is the opened model of this product
So guys, look, click is coming here also
yes and here also we have to add product
if this product is ok then i want to copy this
is end add product wherever it is written
paste it there
Now you check guys, is it okay or not
It came on click and it came on click of this also
Ok and guys check out our product
of upload
Page This entire module has been completed
ok this is our listing ok from here
User can add his product by clicking OK
And guys that's it for today's video.
Hope you liked today's video
If you liked today's video then please
Subscribe to the channel Advanced UI Techniques
Do it because I am the best for you
I am providing content
Ok guys this is the complete dashboard Adam
The dashboard gives you a lot to learn
I am going to meet you ok see you next
In the next video we will tell you
I will teach you how to do this from now on, ok and thank you
you for the watching this video